product_pricelist_supplierinfo/README.rst, before:

========================================
Supplier info prices in sales pricelists
========================================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fproduct--attribute-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/tree/12.0/product_pricelist_supplierinfo
    :alt: OCA/product-attribute
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/product-attribute-12-0/product-attribute-12-0-product_pricelist_supplierinfo
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/135/12.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

This module allows you to create a sales pricelist based on product
supplierinfo prices. If you want, you can bypass minimum quantity in pricelist
item.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Installation
============

Although this module doesn't depend technically on **Sales Management**, you
must install it for configuring and seeing the effects of it.

Configuration
=============

To configure pricelists with the new feature of this module, you need to:

#. Go to *Sales > Configuration > Settings* and check
   "Multiple Sales Prices per Product" option and
   "Prices computed from formulas" after that. You must have correct
   permissions and you must install **Sales Management** app (sale) to see
   these settings.
#. Create or edit a Sales Pricelist at *Sales > Catalog > Pricelists*.
#. Add or edit a pricelist item and check "Formula" option in
   "Price Computation" section.
#. You will see the new option "Prices based on supplier info".
#. If you want to bypass the "Min.Quantity" field of the supplier info and
   always select the lowest quantity price, check the option
   "Ignore Supplier Info Min. Quantity".

Usage
=====

For adding supplier info:

#. Go to *Sales > Catalog > Products*
#. Open or create a product.
#. Go to "Purchase" page.
#. On "Vendors" section, add the supplier and prices.
#. You can drag and drop for reordering these lines.

Check the remark in known issues about the supplier info line selection.

For checking pricelists in action, you can (with `sale` module installed):

#. Go to *Sales > Orders > Quotations*
#. Create or edit a quotation.
#. Add a line.
#. Select a product with the criteria to match the pricelist from supplier
   info.
#. See the proper price appears in the line.

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

* First line that matches by minimum quantity criteria, independently from the
  supplier, will be the one that provides the price for the pricelist.
* There's no mechanism for selecting the supplier from possible sources like
  sales orders.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/issues/new?body=module:%20product_pricelist_supplierinfo%0Aversion:%2012.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Tecnativa

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* `Tecnativa <https://www.tecnativa.com/>`_:

  * Vicent Cubells <vicent.cubells@tecnativa.com>
  * Pedro M. Baeza

* Nikul Chaudhary <nikulchaudhary2112@gmail.com>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/product-attribute <https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/tree/12.0/product_pricelist_supplierinfo>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[IMP] add margin on supplier info to configure the sale price
When having price per qty at the supplier level and if you want to
base your pricelist on the supplier price, now you can
define a margin on the product.supplierinfo

product_pricelist_supplierinfo/README.rst, after:

========================================
Supplier info prices in sales pricelists
========================================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fproduct--attribute-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/tree/12.0/product_pricelist_supplierinfo
    :alt: OCA/product-attribute
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/product-attribute-12-0/product-attribute-12-0-product_pricelist_supplierinfo
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/135/12.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

This module allows you to create a sales pricelist based on product
supplierinfo prices. If you want, you can bypass minimum quantity in pricelist
item.

We can also define sale marging applied on purchase price directly on supplier info.
For this, you must add users to "Show sale margin on Product Supplierinfo" group.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Installation
============

Although this module doesn't depend technically on **Sales Management**, you
must install it for configuring and seeing the effects of it.

Configuration
=============

To configure pricelists with the new feature of this module, you need to:

#. Go to *Sales > Configuration > Settings* and check
   "Multiple Sales Prices per Product" option and
   "Prices computed from formulas" after that. You must have correct
   permissions and you must install **Sales Management** app (sale) to see
   these settings.
#. Create or edit a Sales Pricelist at *Sales > Catalog > Pricelists*.
#. Add or edit a pricelist item and check "Formula" option in
   "Price Computation" section.
#. You will see the new option "Prices based on supplier info".
#. If you want to bypass the "Min.Quantity" field of the supplier info and
   always select the lowest quantity price, check the option
   "Ignore Supplier Info Min. Quantity".

Usage
=====

For adding supplier info:

#. Go to *Sales > Catalog > Products*
#. Open or create a product.
#. Go to "Purchase" page.
#. On "Vendors" section, add the supplier and prices.
#. You can drag and drop for reordering these lines.

Check the remark in known issues about the supplier info line selection.

For checking pricelists in action, you can (with `sale` module installed):

#. Go to *Sales > Orders > Quotations*
#. Create or edit a quotation.
#. Add a line.
#. Select a product with the criteria to match the pricelist from supplier
   info.
#. See the proper price appears in the line.

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

* First line that matches by minimum quantity criteria, independently from the
  supplier, will be the one that provides the price for the pricelist.
* There's no mechanism for selecting the supplier from possible sources like
  sales orders.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/issues/new?body=module:%20product_pricelist_supplierinfo%0Aversion:%2012.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Tecnativa

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* `Tecnativa <https://www.tecnativa.com/>`_:

  * Vicent Cubells <vicent.cubells@tecnativa.com>
  * Pedro M. Baeza

* Nikul Chaudhary <nikulchaudhary2112@gmail.com>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/product-attribute <https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/tree/12.0/product_pricelist_supplierinfo>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
