product_logistics_uom/README.rst, before:

=====================
Product logistics UoM
=====================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fproduct--attribute-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/tree/16.0/product_logistics_uom
    :alt: OCA/product-attribute
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/product-attribute-16-0/product-attribute-16-0-product_logistics_uom
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/135/16.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

This module allows to choose an Unit Of Measure (UoM) for products weight and volume.
It can be set product per product for users in group_uom.

Without this module, you only have the choice between Kg or Lb(s) and m³ for all the products.

For some business cases, you need to express in more precise UoM than default ones like Liters
instead of M³.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Installation
============

Be aware, that this module only change the UoM but not the value.

It's the same behavior as base Odoo when you change from Metric System to Imperial System.

Configuration
=============

To change the default UoM

#. Go "General Settings", then in "Products"
#. you have to select a default unit of measure for weights and volumes.

To change on a specific product

#. Go the product form you can change the UoM directly.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/issues/new?body=module:%20product_logistics_uom%0Aversion:%2016.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Akretion

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Raphaël Reverdy <raphael.reverdy@akretion.com>
* Fernando La Chica <fernandolachica@gmail.com>

Other credits
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The development of this module has been financially supported by:

* Akretion <https://akretion.com>
* La Base <https://labase.coop>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

.. |maintainer-hparfr| image:: https://github.com/hparfr.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/hparfr
    :alt: hparfr

Current `maintainer <https://odoo-community.org/page/maintainer-role>`__:

|maintainer-hparfr| 

This module is part of the `OCA/product-attribute <https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/tree/16.0/product_logistics_uom>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[FIX] product_logistics_uom: Store value in system UOM
Before this change, the volume and weight values on product were no more stored into the expected kg and m3 uoms. To know the effective value you had to convert the value using the specified uom on the record. As side effect the arithmetic operations done on these fields in others addon as for exemple in 'delivery' were not correct.

This change restore the default behavior by always storing the values into the default uoms whatever the uom specified on the product. 2 new fields are added on the product to allows the user to see and managed these values in the specified uom. When values are updated through an update of these new fields, the new values are converted into the default uoms and the result stored into the original fields.

fixes #1312

product_logistics_uom/README.rst, after:

=====================
Product logistics UoM
=====================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fproduct--attribute-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/tree/16.0/product_logistics_uom
    :alt: OCA/product-attribute
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/product-attribute-16-0/product-attribute-16-0-product_logistics_uom
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/135/16.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

This module allows to choose an Unit Of Measure (UoM) for products weight and volume.
It can be set product per product for users in group_uom.

Without this module, you only have the choice between Kg or Lb(s) and m³ for all the products.

For some business cases, you need to express in more precise UoM than default ones like Liters
instead of M³.

Even if you choose another UoM for the weight or volume, the system will still
store the value for these fields in the Odoo default UoM (Kg or Lb(s) and m³).
This ensures that the arithmetic operations on these fields are correct and
consistent with the rest of the addons.

Once this addon is installed values stored into the initial Volume and Weight fields
on the product and product template models are no more rounded to the decimal
precision defined for these fields. This could lead to some side effects into
reportss where these fields are used. You can replace the fields by the new
ones provided by this addon to avoid this problem (product_volume and product_weight).
In any cases, since you use different UoM by product, you should most probably
modify your reportss to display the right UoM.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Installation
============

Be aware, that this module only change the UoM but not the value.

It's the same behavior as base Odoo when you change from Metric System to Imperial System.

Configuration
=============

To change the default UoM

#. Go "General Settings", then in "Products"
#. you have to select a default unit of measure for weights and volumes.

To change on a specific product

#. Go the product form you can change the UoM directly.

Usage
=====

Once installed and the 'Sell and purchase products in different units of measure'
option is enabled, the 'Unit of Measure' field will become updatable on the
'Product' form for users with the permission 'Manage Multiple Units of Measure'.

If the displayed value is 0.00 and a warning icon is displayed in front of the
unit of measure, it means that the value is too small to be displayed in the
current unit of measure. You should change the unit of measure to a larger one
to see the value.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/issues/new?body=module:%20product_logistics_uom%0Aversion:%2016.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Akretion
* ACSONE SA/NV

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Raphaël Reverdy <raphael.reverdy@akretion.com>
* Fernando La Chica <fernandolachica@gmail.com>
* Laurent Mignon <laurent.mignon@acsone.eu>

Other credits
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The development of this module has been financially supported by:

* Akretion <https://akretion.com>
* La Base <https://labase.coop>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

.. |maintainer-hparfr| image:: https://github.com/hparfr.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/hparfr
    :alt: hparfr

Current `maintainer <https://odoo-community.org/page/maintainer-role>`__:

|maintainer-hparfr| 

This module is part of the `OCA/product-attribute <https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/tree/16.0/product_logistics_uom>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
