product_main_supplierinfo/README.rst, before:

===================
Product Main Vendor
===================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:1c09eb9d7bd0160627eb3c38acbb27f822a296e66a655582636d42311aca7dfc
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fproduct--attribute-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/tree/18.0/product_main_supplierinfo
    :alt: OCA/product-attribute
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/product-attribute-18-0/product-attribute-18-0-product_main_supplierinfo
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/product-attribute&target_branch=18.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module shows the main vendor of a product.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/issues/new?body=module:%20product_main_supplierinfo%0Aversion:%2018.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
-------

* Camptocamp

Contributors
------------

-  `Camptocamp <https://www.camptocamp.com>`__

   -  Sébastien Alix <sebastien.alix@camptocamp.com>

Maintainers
-----------

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

.. |maintainer-sebalix| image:: https://github.com/sebalix.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/sebalix
    :alt: sebalix

Current `maintainer <https://odoo-community.org/page/maintainer-role>`__:

|maintainer-sebalix| 

This module is part of the `OCA/product-attribute <https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/tree/18.0/product_main_supplierinfo>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[MIG] product_main_supplierinfo: Migration to 18.0

product_main_supplierinfo/README.rst, after:

===================
Product Main Vendor
===================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:1c09eb9d7bd0160627eb3c38acbb27f822a296e66a655582636d42311aca7dfc
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fproduct--attribute-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/tree/18.0/product_main_supplierinfo
    :alt: OCA/product-attribute
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/product-attribute-18-0/product-attribute-18-0-product_main_supplierinfo
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/product-attribute&target_branch=18.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module shows the main vendor of a product.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/issues/new?body=module:%20product_main_supplierinfo%0Aversion:%2018.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
-------

* Camptocamp

Contributors
------------

-  `Camptocamp <https://www.camptocamp.com>`__

   -  Sébastien Alix <sebastien.alix@camptocamp.com>

-  `Trobz <https://www.trobz.com>`__

   -  Do Anh Duy <duyda@trobz.com>

Other credits
-------------

The migration of this module from 17.0 to 18.0 was financially supported
by Camptocamp

Maintainers
-----------

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

.. |maintainer-sebalix| image:: https://github.com/sebalix.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/sebalix
    :alt: sebalix

Current `maintainer <https://odoo-community.org/page/maintainer-role>`__:

|maintainer-sebalix| 

This module is part of the `OCA/product-attribute <https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/tree/18.0/product_main_supplierinfo>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
