product_supplierinfo_archive/README.rst, before:

=============================
Product Supplier Info Archive
=============================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:13fe041304e5478a0188d322c2088fec9584ebbe6d02d13907504aa86abe34fd
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-LGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: LGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fproduct--attribute-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/tree/18.0/product_supplierinfo_archive
    :alt: OCA/product-attribute
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/product-attribute-18-0/product-attribute-18-0-product_supplierinfo_archive
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/product-attribute&target_branch=18.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module adds the field active to product.supplierinfo so it can be
archived.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

Simply use the archive action on any product supplier info.

Existing variants are unaffected, only new ones.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/issues/new?body=module:%20product_supplierinfo_archive%0Aversion:%2018.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
-------

* ForgeFlow

Contributors
------------

-  Guillem Casassas <guillem.casassas@forgeflow.com>
-  Álvaro Trius Béjar <alvaro.trius@forgeflow.com>
-  Oriol Villamayor <oriol.villamayor@forgeflow.com>
-  Dhara Solanki <dhara.solanki@initos.com>

Maintainers
-----------

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

.. |maintainer-GuillemCForgeFlow| image:: https://github.com/GuillemCForgeFlow.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/GuillemCForgeFlow
    :alt: GuillemCForgeFlow
.. |maintainer-AlvaroTForgeFlow| image:: https://github.com/AlvaroTForgeFlow.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/AlvaroTForgeFlow
    :alt: AlvaroTForgeFlow
.. |maintainer-OriolVForgeFlow| image:: https://github.com/OriolVForgeFlow.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/OriolVForgeFlow
    :alt: OriolVForgeFlow

Current `maintainers <https://odoo-community.org/page/maintainer-role>`__:

|maintainer-GuillemCForgeFlow| |maintainer-AlvaroTForgeFlow| |maintainer-OriolVForgeFlow| 

This module is part of the `OCA/product-attribute <https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/tree/18.0/product_supplierinfo_archive>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[MIG] product_supplierinfo_archive: Migration to 18.0 Co-authored-by: Do Anh Duy <duyda@trobz.com>

product_supplierinfo_archive/README.rst, after:

=============================
Product Supplier Info Archive
=============================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:13fe041304e5478a0188d322c2088fec9584ebbe6d02d13907504aa86abe34fd
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-LGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: LGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fproduct--attribute-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/tree/18.0/product_supplierinfo_archive
    :alt: OCA/product-attribute
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/product-attribute-18-0/product-attribute-18-0-product_supplierinfo_archive
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/product-attribute&target_branch=18.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module adds the field active to product.supplierinfo so it can be
archived.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

Simply use the archive action on any product supplier info.

Existing variants are unaffected, only new ones.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/issues/new?body=module:%20product_supplierinfo_archive%0Aversion:%2018.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
-------

* ForgeFlow

Contributors
------------

-  Guillem Casassas <guillem.casassas@forgeflow.com>
-  Álvaro Trius Béjar <alvaro.trius@forgeflow.com>
-  Oriol Villamayor <oriol.villamayor@forgeflow.com>
-  Dhara Solanki <dhara.solanki@initos.com>
-  Khoi (Kien Kim) <khoikk@trobz.com>

Other credits
-------------

The migration of this module from 17.0 to 18.0 was financially supported
by:

-  Camptocamp

Maintainers
-----------

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

.. |maintainer-GuillemCForgeFlow| image:: https://github.com/GuillemCForgeFlow.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/GuillemCForgeFlow
    :alt: GuillemCForgeFlow
.. |maintainer-AlvaroTForgeFlow| image:: https://github.com/AlvaroTForgeFlow.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/AlvaroTForgeFlow
    :alt: AlvaroTForgeFlow
.. |maintainer-OriolVForgeFlow| image:: https://github.com/OriolVForgeFlow.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/OriolVForgeFlow
    :alt: OriolVForgeFlow

Current `maintainers <https://odoo-community.org/page/maintainer-role>`__:

|maintainer-GuillemCForgeFlow| |maintainer-AlvaroTForgeFlow| |maintainer-OriolVForgeFlow| 

This module is part of the `OCA/product-attribute <https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/tree/18.0/product_supplierinfo_archive>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
