product_stock_state/README.rst, before:

===================
Product Stock State
===================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:9020789861be65d84a2bd84664a9cd1a5c1b798ad59e7ce6e26370e7e9015098
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fproduct--attribute-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/tree/18.0/product_stock_state
    :alt: OCA/product-attribute
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/product-attribute-18-0/product-attribute-18-0-product_stock_state
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/product-attribute&target_branch=18.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module adds a "stock state" field on the product in order to inform
the user of its general stock state at a glance.

The state value can be :

- In Stock
- In Limited Stock (if qty available is under a threshold)
- Resupplying (if qty forcasted is > 0)
- Out of Stock (otherwise)

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

You can configure thresholds :

- Globally, for a company, in the Sale Settings. It will be used for all
  the products of the company.
- On product category form. It will be used for all the products of this
  category, or of the child categories. (User should be part of the new
  group 'Stock State Threshold by Category'.)
- On product template form, for a specific product. (User should be part
  of the new group 'Stock State Threshold by Product'.)

Usage
=====

Open product tree view and observe the stock state

|image|

.. |image| image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/product_stock_state/static/description/product_product_tree.png

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/issues/new?body=module:%20product_stock_state%0Aversion:%2018.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
-------

* Akretion
* GRAP

Contributors
------------

- Sebastien Beau <sebastien.beau@akretion.com>
- Sylvain LE GAL <https://www.twitter.com/legalsylvain>
- Kevin Khao <kevin.khao@akretion.com>
- Simone Orsi <simahawk@gmail.com>
- Watthanun Khorchai <watthanun_t@hotmail.com>

Other credits
-------------

The development of this module has been financially supported by:

- Akretion R&D
- Adaptoo
- GRAP, Groupement Régional Alimentaire de Proximité
  <http://www.grap.coop>

Maintainers
-----------

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

.. |maintainer-sebastienbeau| image:: https://github.com/sebastienbeau.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/sebastienbeau
    :alt: sebastienbeau
.. |maintainer-legalsylvain| image:: https://github.com/legalsylvain.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/legalsylvain
    :alt: legalsylvain
.. |maintainer-kevinkhao| image:: https://github.com/kevinkhao.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/kevinkhao
    :alt: kevinkhao

Current `maintainers <https://odoo-community.org/page/maintainer-role>`__:

|maintainer-sebastienbeau| |maintainer-legalsylvain| |maintainer-kevinkhao| 

This module is part of the `OCA/product-attribute <https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/tree/18.0/product_stock_state>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[MIG] product_stock_state: Migration to 18.0

product_stock_state/README.rst, after:

===================
Product Stock State
===================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:9020789861be65d84a2bd84664a9cd1a5c1b798ad59e7ce6e26370e7e9015098
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fproduct--attribute-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/tree/18.0/product_stock_state
    :alt: OCA/product-attribute
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/product-attribute-18-0/product-attribute-18-0-product_stock_state
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/product-attribute&target_branch=18.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module adds a "stock state" field on the product in order to inform
the user of its general stock state at a glance.

The state value can be :

- In Stock
- In Limited Stock (if qty available is under a threshold)
- Resupplying (if qty forcasted is > 0)
- Out of Stock (otherwise)

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

You can configure thresholds :

- Globally, for a company, in the Sale Settings. It will be used for all
  the products of the company.
- On product category form. It will be used for all the products of this
  category, or of the child categories. (User should be part of the new
  group 'Stock State Threshold by Category'.)
- On product template form, for a specific product. (User should be part
  of the new group 'Stock State Threshold by Product'.)

Usage
=====

Open product tree view and observe the stock state

|image|

.. |image| image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/product_stock_state/static/description/product_product_tree.png

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/issues/new?body=module:%20product_stock_state%0Aversion:%2018.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
-------

* Akretion
* GRAP

Contributors
------------

- Sebastien Beau <sebastien.beau@akretion.com>

- Sylvain LE GAL <https://www.twitter.com/legalsylvain>

- Kevin Khao <kevin.khao@akretion.com>

- Simone Orsi <simahawk@gmail.com>

- Watthanun Khorchai <watthanun_t@hotmail.com>

- `Trobz <https://trobz.com>`__:

  - Tuan Nguyen <tuanna@trobz.com>

Other credits
-------------

The development of this module has been financially supported by:

- Akretion R&D
- Adaptoo
- GRAP, Groupement Régional Alimentaire de Proximité
  <http://www.grap.coop>

The migration of this module from 16.0 to 18.0 was financially supported
by Camptocamp.

Maintainers
-----------

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

.. |maintainer-sebastienbeau| image:: https://github.com/sebastienbeau.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/sebastienbeau
    :alt: sebastienbeau
.. |maintainer-legalsylvain| image:: https://github.com/legalsylvain.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/legalsylvain
    :alt: legalsylvain
.. |maintainer-kevinkhao| image:: https://github.com/kevinkhao.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/kevinkhao
    :alt: kevinkhao

Current `maintainers <https://odoo-community.org/page/maintainer-role>`__:

|maintainer-sebastienbeau| |maintainer-legalsylvain| |maintainer-kevinkhao| 

This module is part of the `OCA/product-attribute <https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/tree/18.0/product_stock_state>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
