product_state/README.rst, before:

=============
Product State
=============

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fproduct--attribute-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/tree/14.0/product_state
    :alt: OCA/product-attribute
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/product-attribute-14-0/product-attribute-14-0-product_state
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/135/14.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

This module introduces the state field on product template and allows simple product life cycle:

- draft: In Development
- sellable: Normal
- end: End of Lifecycle
- obsolete: Obsolete

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

To create a new state:

#. Go to *Sales > Configuration > Products > Product States*.
#. You can set its name and a description.

To add a product to a state:

#. Go to the product itself and edit.
#. You can select the desired status in the list of buttons above the form.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/issues/new?body=module:%20product_state%0Aversion:%2014.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* ACSONE SA/NV

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Cedric Pigeon <cedric.pigeon@acsone.eu>
* Alexandre Saunier <alexandre.saunier@camptocamp.com>
* Nikul Chaudhary <nikulchaudhary2112@gmail.com>
* Eduardo Magdalena <emagdalena@c2i.es> (C2i Change 2 improve http://www.c2i.es)
* Andrii Skrypka <andrijskrypa@ukr.net>
* Denis Roussel <denis.roussel@acsone.eu>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

.. |maintainer-emagdalenaC2i| image:: https://github.com/emagdalenaC2i.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/emagdalenaC2i
    :alt: emagdalenaC2i

Current `maintainer <https://odoo-community.org/page/maintainer-role>`__:

|maintainer-emagdalenaC2i| 

This module is part of the `OCA/product-attribute <https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/tree/14.0/product_state>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

Move default states on product_state and product_tier_validation to demo data

product_state/README.rst, after:

=============
Product State
=============

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fproduct--attribute-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/tree/14.0/product_state
    :alt: OCA/product-attribute
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/product-attribute-14-0/product-attribute-14-0-product_state
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/135/14.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

This module introduces the state field on product template and allows simple product life cycle:

- draft: In Development
- sellable: Normal
- end: End of Lifecycle
- obsolete: Obsolete

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

To create a new state:

#. Go to *Sales > Configuration > Products > Product States*.
#. You can set its name and a description.

To add a product to a state:

#. Go to the product itself and edit.
#. You can select the desired status in the list of buttons above the form.

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

File data/product_state_data.xml will be moved to demo/product_state_demo.xml since version 15.0

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/issues/new?body=module:%20product_state%0Aversion:%2014.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* ACSONE SA/NV

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Cedric Pigeon <cedric.pigeon@acsone.eu>
* Alexandre Saunier <alexandre.saunier@camptocamp.com>
* Nikul Chaudhary <nikulchaudhary2112@gmail.com>
* Eduardo Magdalena <emagdalena@c2i.es> (C2i Change 2 improve http://www.c2i.es)
* Andrii Skrypka <andrijskrypa@ukr.net>
* Denis Roussel <denis.roussel@acsone.eu>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

.. |maintainer-emagdalenaC2i| image:: https://github.com/emagdalenaC2i.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/emagdalenaC2i
    :alt: emagdalenaC2i

Current `maintainer <https://odoo-community.org/page/maintainer-role>`__:

|maintainer-emagdalenaC2i| 

This module is part of the `OCA/product-attribute <https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/tree/14.0/product_state>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
